Apex Doc Update (#4522)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: docs/_articles/en/apex/apex-debugging.md

---
title: Debugging Apex
lang: en
---

> The Salesforce VS Code Extensions pack comes with rich debugging options for all levels of developer experiences. Use this information to figure out which Apex debugger is right for you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Salesforce Extension Pack comes with rich debugging options for all levels of developer experiences. Use this information to figure out which Apex debugger is right for you:
```
